# vengegames
## take two
This will be take two on the rvngrplyr app that will now be called vengegames for easier readability. The new app will have quite a few improvements from the previous app, which will now implement the following:
- ui-router for easy sharing and viewing
- view/search by dates. From a non traditional nav bar, to a search bar starting by the current date. From just being able to view the current date and the players for the current date, this new nav bar will allow viewers to view previous and future dates of vengegames.
- faster load times. Using angular to perfom all the front end is a consuming task. Initially, the client side would search the nba api for all teams playing on the current date, search through every single player on that teamuntil it finds a revenge match and does more api searches. Instead, I want to be able to store all the potential revenge games and have the client side render the found games. This will potentially cut loading time by 90%.
- more graphs. 
-- If a revenge game has previous revenge stats, allow graphs to be generated by date with
--- (show who the previous team is if player was a part of a different team. I revenge game is a revenge game). 
-- the initial graph will be the average of all revenge stats starting from last season. 
-- Have graphs or pie charts to display performance increase(fanduel points based. sum up stats and find percentage difference).
-- Usage rate (minutes played and amounts of touches and shot attempts).

## some possibilities?
showcase best performer for the current season so far.
best potential of the day
list of first revenge games
sorting
